README.md, before:

# Ghost SOS - Stealth Safety App

In uncomfortable, unsafe, or high-pressure social situations, many individuals — particularly women — need a subtle and non-confrontational exit strategy.
Most safety apps are obvious and can escalate risk if noticed. There is a need for a stealth-first solution that works instantly without raising suspicion.

**Ghost SOS** is a disguised safety tool designed for individuals in high-pressure or uncomfortable situations. It masquerades as a fully functional calculator, allowing users to discreetly trigger a realistic "Ghost Call" to provide a safe exit strategy.

## 🚀 Live Demo
**[Check out the Live App here!](https://anusreebabu02.github.io/Ghost-SOS/)** 
Works only in moblie

## Demo Video
[Watch the Ghost SOS Demo here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nkNnRCEevQF-ktoR-HMuaJrhmEBrlrXU/view?usp=drive_link)

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
* **Frontend:** HTML5, CSS3 (Mobile-first design).
* **Logic:** JavaScript (Vanilla) for asynchronous timers and DOM manipulation.
* **Hosting:** GitHub Pages.

---

## ✨ Features
* **Stealth Disguise:** A clean, functional Calculator UI that hides the app's true purpose.
* **Silent Trigger:** Tapping anywhere on the calculator starts a 5-second stealth countdown.
* **Dynamic UI Transition:** Automatically switches from a "Calculator" to a realistic "Incoming Call" screen with audio.
* **Ongoing Call Simulation:** Transitions to an "Active Call" screen with a timer to maintain the story under scrutiny.
* **Instant Revert:** A single tap on the "Hang Up" button immediately wipes the call screen and returns to the calculator.

---

## 📱 App Flow & Architecture

![WhatsApp Image 2026-02-21 at 9 31 21 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b841887e-1531-4792-abde-0ac8ab45b073)


1.  **Home:** User opens the Calculator.
2.  **Trigger:** User taps a button; a 5-second timer begins.
3.  **Incoming:** `phone_call.jpeg` displays and `ringtone.mp3` plays.
4.  **Ongoing:** Upon clicking "Accept," the screen switches to `ongoing.jpeg` and `voice.mp3` plays.
5.  **Reset:** Clicking "Hang Up" stops all audio and resets the view to the Calculator.

---

## 🤖 AI Tools Used
* **Gemini (Google AI):** Used for debugging deployment errors, refactoring Android logic into Web App format, and improving documentation and feature flow. 
* **ChatGPT (OpenAI):** Used for project structuring, README documentation drafting, and feature refinement/UX improvements. 

---

## 🎯 Future Scope
* **Shake-to-trigger activation:** Use device accelerometers to trigger calls via motion. 
* **Volume button trigger:** Physical button override for even more discreet activation. 
* **GPS-based alerts:** Automatically send live location to emergency contacts. 
* **AI-generated Voice:** Dynamic, real-time voice calls generated by AI models.
* **Hidden PIN:** Use specific math equations (e.g., 5+5=) to unlock the settings menu.

---

## 👥 Team Members
* **Anusree Babu** 
* **Dyuthi S Sarath** 
  
---

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Add setup and installation section to README
Added setup and installation instructions for the application, including options for live access and local development.

README.md, after:

# Ghost SOS - Stealth Safety App

In uncomfortable, unsafe, or high-pressure social situations, many individuals — particularly women — need a subtle and non-confrontational exit strategy.
Most safety apps are obvious and can escalate risk if noticed. There is a need for a stealth-first solution that works instantly without raising suspicion.

**Ghost SOS** is a disguised safety tool designed for individuals in high-pressure or uncomfortable situations. It masquerades as a fully functional calculator, allowing users to discreetly trigger a realistic "Ghost Call" to provide a safe exit strategy.

## 🚀 Live Demo
**[Check out the Live App here!](https://anusreebabu02.github.io/Ghost-SOS/)** 
Works only in moblie

## Demo Video
[Watch the Ghost SOS Demo here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nkNnRCEevQF-ktoR-HMuaJrhmEBrlrXU/view?usp=drive_link)

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
* **Frontend:** HTML5, CSS3 (Mobile-first design).
* **Logic:** JavaScript (Vanilla) for asynchronous timers and DOM manipulation.
* **Hosting:** GitHub Pages.

---

## ✨ Features
* **Stealth Disguise:** A clean, functional Calculator UI that hides the app's true purpose.
* **Silent Trigger:** Tapping anywhere on the calculator starts a 5-second stealth countdown.
* **Dynamic UI Transition:** Automatically switches from a "Calculator" to a realistic "Incoming Call" screen with audio.
* **Ongoing Call Simulation:** Transitions to an "Active Call" screen with a timer to maintain the story under scrutiny.
* **Instant Revert:** A single tap on the "Hang Up" button immediately wipes the call screen and returns to the calculator.

---

## 📱 App Flow & Architecture

![WhatsApp Image 2026-02-21 at 9 31 21 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b841887e-1531-4792-abde-0ac8ab45b073)


1.  **Home:** User opens the Calculator.
2.  **Trigger:** User taps a button; a 5-second timer begins.
3.  **Incoming:** `phone_call.jpeg` displays and `ringtone.mp3` plays.
4.  **Ongoing:** Upon clicking "Accept," the screen switches to `ongoing.jpeg` and `voice.mp3` plays.
5.  **Reset:** Clicking "Hang Up" stops all audio and resets the view to the Calculator.

---

## ⚙️ Setup & Installation

Since Ghost SOS is a lightweight web-based application, there is no heavy installation required. You can run it directly in any modern mobile or desktop browser.

### Option 1: Live Access (Recommended)
Simply visit the live URL to use the app immediately:
**[https://anusreebabu02.github.io/Ghost-SOS/](https://anusreebabu02.github.io/Ghost-SOS/)**

### Option 2: Local Development
If you wish to run the project locally for development or testing:

1. **Clone the Repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone [https://github.com/anusreebabu02/Ghost-SOS.git](https://github.com/anusreebabu02/Ghost-SOS.git)

---

## 🤖 AI Tools Used
* **Gemini (Google AI):** Used for debugging deployment errors, refactoring Android logic into Web App format, and improving documentation and feature flow. 
* **ChatGPT (OpenAI):** Used for project structuring, README documentation drafting, and feature refinement/UX improvements. 

---

## 🎯 Future Scope
* **Shake-to-trigger activation:** Use device accelerometers to trigger calls via motion. 
* **Volume button trigger:** Physical button override for even more discreet activation. 
* **GPS-based alerts:** Automatically send live location to emergency contacts. 
* **AI-generated Voice:** Dynamic, real-time voice calls generated by AI models.
* **Hidden PIN:** Use specific math equations (e.g., 5+5=) to unlock the settings menu.

---

## 👥 Team Members
* **Anusree Babu** 
* **Dyuthi S Sarath** 
  
---

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.
